
Onboarding Form
						Form Input				Constraints			Notes
Your Name			
First Name 					Text box				size=64
Last Name					Text box				size=64
				
Your Contact Details				
Address						Text box				size=128			Address could be broken down into sub-categories, but since this is for record keeping, it would be of limited value
Phone						Text box				numeric, size=64		If area codes are required, have a pre-filled dropdown list. 
Email						Text box				valid email format 										
				
Your Banking Details				
Account Name					Text box				size=128			
Bank Name					Text box				size=64
BSB Number					Text box				numeric, size=6
Account Number					Text box				numeric, size=32
			
Tax Questions			
Claim Tax Free Threshold?			Radio buttons				Yes/No				Radio chosen over checkbox to push user to making a conscious selection, rather than possibly skimming over it
(info tooltip)	"[short explanation of what tax free threshold means]" 																					
Do you have a student loan?			Radio buttons				Yes/No
(info tooltip)	"[short explanation of student loan affecting weekly tax payments]"
			
Your Super Details
Fund Name					Text box				size=128	
Fund Number					Text box				numeric, size=64
			

Submit 						Button 									Inactive until all fields are filled and pass validation 
																					
Clicking submit shows the user the completed details and asks to check and confirm, before a final submission.

Validation/Constraints:

-Regex validate constraints on inputs.

-Responsive validation 
Input boxes should highlight and explain errors as the user makes them.
eg. if user tries to put a letter in BSBNumber, highlight box red & show red text underneath "BSB must include only numbers".

-Submit button is non-responsive unless all validation constraints are fulfilled. All fields mandatory.

-In choosing constraints...
Minimal constraints are chosen, with over-estimated length. It is difficult to guess every possible valid input, and no constraints can ensure 100% correct input. 
Constraints are chosen to guide the user, give writers of processing functions an idea of what data type to expect from the submitted form, and limit garbage data.
However, all the constraints in the world can't prevent a user from mis-typing their name or number.


Workflow:
1. HR sends link to new staff member 
(this could be a temporary link, or require a temporary login, to protect the form from unauthorised access)

2. New user fills, confirms and submits form.

3. In administraion portal, HR finds the completed form.
HR is able to check the submitted data.

4. Completed form has entry for 'Base Salary' and button to calculate and fill Tax and Super payment details.
